CyberArk - Integration rename and consolidation (#37362)
demisto/content: Packs/CyberArkEPV/ReleaseNotes/1_0_4.md

#### Parsing Rules

##### CyberArk EPV Parsing Rule

> Add Vault Translator XSL file to be downloaded from pack and used directly. 
> 
> Change naming from Enterprise Password Vault (EPV) to PAM-Self Hosted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Vault Translator XSL file to be downloaded from pack and used directly. 
- Changed naming from Enterprise Password Vault (EPV) to PAM-Self Hosted
```
